in the previous video to find a Kth largest element
we have used min heap here
We need to find a Kth smallest element
It is just the opposite version of the previous problem
So to solve this problem we can just follow the
previous approach with Max heap instead of min heap that is
instead of min heap First construct the Max heap for
the first K elements and then compared the remaining elements
with the value of root
Node
If it is lesser than the root node
Just replace the root node value and called the heapify
function
If it is greater than the root node we can
simply skip the process
After the comparison the Kth smallest element will be present
at the top of the heap
so we can just return the root node value
So the logic is very simple
Just modified a solution of top K elements
Problem with max heap and finally returned the value of root
node that's it.